Eventslist (#1889)
kyma-project/busola: docs/extensibility/jsonata.md

    filter: '$matchByLabelSelector($item, $root.spec.selector)'
```

## matchEvents(item, kind, name)

> This function can be used to match Events using a resource selector.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use this function to match events using a resource selector.
```

### Function parameters

> - **item** - Event to check.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **item** - Event to be checked.
```

> - **kind** - resource kind to match against.

Reviewer: to match against what?

> - **kind** - kind of the Event emitting resource

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **kind** - kind of the Event emitting resource.
```

> - **name** - resource name to match against.

Reviewer: See my previous comment

> - **name** - name of the event emitting resource

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **name** - name of the Event emitting resource
```

> - **name** - name of the Event emitting resource

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **name** - name of the Event emitting resource.
```
